Create 2025-05-02-2025-Reminisce-my-first-New-York-trip.md (#6)
Chau-Nguyen-Developer/skills-github-pages: _posts/2025-05-02-2025-Reminisce-my-first-New-York-trip.md

> Besides academic, I learned a lot how to travel and work well with teammates: show up at the air port on time, check out the hotel on time, go to bed early and have a good sleep, get up early and have breakfast, show up early to get seat at the front row, be engaged, stay focus, ask questions when confused, smile more, as life is too short for not being happy. I also realized that I like eating together and exploring New York City with my teammates, as we got chance to chat and know more about each other. I appreciate my team a lot, and I witnessed how teamwork made the deam work. I also learned that kindness goes a long way, whether it was about apologizing for being rude to the front desk, or receiving back the scarf that I forgot at the store. A friend and I also got a chance to tour the United Nations Headquarter and visit the Security Council chamber, where countries come together to negotiate and protect international peace of the world since the end of World War II. 

Author: ```suggestion
Besides academic, I learned a lot how to travel and work well with teammates: show up at the air port on time, check out of the hotel on time, go to bed early and get a good night's sleep, wake up early and have breakfast, arrive early to get a seat in the front row, be engaged, stay focus, ask questions when confused, and smile more, as life is too short not to be happy. I also realized that I like eating together and exploring New York City with my teammates, as we had the chance to chat and learn more about each other. I appreciate my team a lot, and I witnessed how teamwork makes the dream work. I also learned that kindness goes a long way, whether it was about apologizing for being rude to the front desk, or receiving back the scarf that I forgot at the store. A friend and I also had the opportunity to tour the United Nations Headquarters and visit the Security Council chamber, where countries come together to negotiate and protect international peace since the end of World War II. I genuinely hope that all wars on this earth will come to an end, allowing everyone to attend school and contribute to society in their own way.  
```
